📝 Various updates for project documentation (#354)
Munich-Quantum-Software-Stack/QDMI: .github/contributing.md

configuration is seamlessly integrated into the CMake build system.

#### Building the Documentation {#building-the-documentation}

The documentation can be built with the CMake target `qdmi_docs` via

```shell
cmake -S . -B build
cmake --build build --target qdmi_docs
```

The generated web page can be inspected by opening the file in `docs/html/index.html` in the CMake
build directory.

#### Static Content {#static-content}

The generated web page also contains a couple of static sites, including the main page, the support
page, the FAQ page, and this development guide. The respective Markdown files that serve as the
source for those sites are contained in `docs/` where `index.md` contains the content of the main
page.

#### Dynamic Content {#dynamic-content}

To include source files to be listed among the menu item `API Reference/Files`, these files must be
marked as documented by adding a comment like the following to the top of the file. Right now, this
is done for all files in the include directory.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
\verbatim

/** @file
* @brief A brief description of the file.
* @details Some details about the file.

>   */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * @brief A brief description of the file.
 * @details Some details about the file.
 */
```
Quite a nitpick.

\endverbatim
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

#### Further Links and Resources {#further-links-and-resources}

- For more details, see the official documentation of Doxygen that can be found here:
  [https://www.doxygen.nl/manual/docblocks.html](https://www.doxygen.nl/manual/docblocks.html).
- More tags and commands can be found in the list provided here:
  [https://www.doxygen.nl/manual/commands.html#cmd_intro](https://www.doxygen.nl/manual/commands.html#cmd_intro)

### Maintaining the Changelog and Upgrade Guide {#maintaining-changelog-upgrade-guide}

> MQT Core adheres to [Semantic Versioning], with the exception that minor releases may include breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QDMI adheres to [Semantic Versioning], with the exception that minor releases may include breaking changes.
```
This should probably be QDMI.

There are the following categories:

- `Added` for new features.
- `Changed` for changes in existing functionality.
- `Deprecated` for soon-to-be removed features.
- `Removed` for now removed features.
- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

When updating the changelog, follow these guidelines:

- Add a changelog entry for every user-facing change in your PR.
- Write entries in the imperative mood (e.g., "Add support for X" or "Fix bug in Y").
- A single PR may result in multiple changelog entries.
- Entries in each category are sorted by merge time, with the latest PR appearing first.
- Each entry links to the PR and all contributing authors.
  The links are defined at the bottom of the file.
  If this is your first contribution to this project, do not forget to add a link to your GitHub profile.

If your PR introduces major or breaking changes, or if you think additional context would help users, please also add a section to the upgrade guide.
The upgrade guide is intended to provide a general overview of significant changes in a more descriptive and prose-oriented form than the changelog.

> Use it to explain how users may need to adapt their usage of MQT Core, highlight new workflows, or clarify the impact of important updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use it to explain how users may need to adapt their usage of QDMI, highlight new workflows, or clarify the impact of important updates.
```
Probably a left over from copy pasting.
